Add upgrade consideration for Kubernetes bug in Software (#1030)
astronomer/docs: software/release-notes.md

Release date: August 5, 2022

:::danger Breaking change

There is an [unresolved Kubernetes bug](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues/65106) that occurs when upgrading Helm charts that include duplicate keys in an `env` array. If you have a Helm chart with duplicate keys and upgrade to Astronomer Software 0.29.3, all key-value pairs with the duplicate key are removed from your environment.

> To preserve duplicate keys in your Helm chart, you can either reapply the values after upgrade or ensure that you use the `--reset-values` flag when running the upgrade script as described in [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preserve duplicate keys in your Helm chart, you can either reapply the values after upgrading, or you can use the `--reset-values` flag when running the upgrade script as described in [Upgrade Astronomer](upgrade-astronomer.md).
```
